so everyone and welcome to one
small episode about europe's shoulder
was desired
That's why I'm doing this now
we have a little velvet frighten soy
not so small anymore
probably still a little before the
decision so before they grow up
is
then we really want here times
something about attitudes nationally so
I would recommend a terrarium about
so 30 30 30 in the minimum is better about
40 in height
I use 1 45 cube so 45 of the
46 yes, as a ground can be great
use this coco substrate
I want to still use this
Moisture-retaining granules here and
then that just will not stay that way
could buy in bricks or insects
you do not care what you want
but you can also use walter or
potting whether patience is doing now
no big difference yes then than
I always use that feed here
you can also try lilac or
liguster use
i'm preparing for winter now like that
I tried the set in
water that gets the roots and then
into some earth that I'm about to embed
a small plant in the room in the winter
we have nothing on the scale
to the leaves you can see the game but
you can see that well
yes, that's pretty good then that
raising the eggs
You can either do that here on the
Simply leave the substrate in the terrarium
or you can take her out too and
then in a box with
kitchen paper or klopapier ich
I do not care
should just stay moist then
spray it twice in the
week I should say rich enough
i'm doing this in my curator
Incubator at the moment I'm still with
the hot water bottle already you can do that
also easy at room temperature
leave
room temperature is actually suitable
all right takes a bit longer so
Six months around with the heat bottle
then at 25 degrees it goes
only about four months yes that is
actually so good
they take the food I've tried
already said and yes the eggs let them
So just drop the can on her
collect
they are black and about 6
millimeters long and about three millimeters
thick
I do not have any infants yet
had
I have only one modul the female and
this animal here
whether that's a male or a female
I do not know exactly now but me
would rather say a female
he does not necessarily need male for
addiction should not be longer than three
generations partners in chinese
so breed young generation
Otherwise it comes to malformations so
At some point you should already get one
Nevertheless, male get out of the
pathogenesis then only females come
out there that the wikipedia describes
as well as a clown so they believe each other
then yourself and that's why there is
even females from fertilized eggs
comes a male or female house
but there is a new breed so one
new bloodline otherwise what we have
still above
on this topic so the bottom
if we have the animal we have fodder
have the lighting yes lighting is on
not absolutely necessary looks easy
more beautiful but what you have given something
at least that should be
room temperature and I would too
you also recommend a back wall that
she prefers something harder says so
not run are like glass is
not so fond of glass that's why I would
you as here with me behind at max
eet is already inside an a
styrofoam backboard works quite well
yes yes i would recommend styrofoam
back wall is not bad if the
humidity the circulation too
fast you can here with me
any reinsetzen a glass and then with
How should I say this to this glass ?
yes the water evaporates and increases the
Humidity so as ground
I said that I do not know as I said
coconut earth potting soil or sand with
mixed with coco or potting village
going
or finally you can too
simply insert kitchen paper
yes that would be so many greetings
is almost with steam and goodbye